Narrator: IN THIS WORLD.
THERE IS REAL EVIL
IN THE DARKEST SHADOWS
AND IN THE MOST ORDINARY PLACES.
THESE ARE THE TRUE STORIES
OF THE INNOCENT
AND THE UNIMAGINABLE.
CINDY SARROW AND HER FAMILY
MOVED BACK TO HER HOMETOWN.
HOPING FOR A BETTER LIFE.
BUT SOMETHING SINISTER
LURKS IN THE SHADOWS.
WAITING TO MAKE ITS MOVE.
DESPERATE
TO PROTECT HER CHILDREN
FROM SOMETHING SHE CANNOT SEE...
...SHE BECOMES CAUGHT
IN A SUPERNATURAL NIGHTMARE
SHE CANNOT ESCAPE.
[ WHISPERING ]
BETWEEN THE WORLD WE SEE
AND THE THINGS WE FEAR.
THERE ARE DOORS.
WHEN THEY ARE OPENED...
NIGHTMARES BECOME REALITY.
EVEN THE MOST INNOCUOUS PLACES
BEAR THE SCARS
OF A TWISTED PAST.
EVIL CAN ECHO THROUGH TIME.
LYING DORMANT
UNTIL THE UNSUSPECTING
AND THE ILL-PREPARED
UNKNOWINGLY CROSS ITS PATH.
ON THE OUTSKIRTS OF ST. LOUIS
SITS THE TOWNSHIP
OF BELLEVILLE. ILLINOIS.
LIKE MANY SMALL CITIES AND TOWNS
THAT DOT THE MIDWEST LANDSCAPE.
IT HAS REMAINED THE SAME
FOR DECADES.
THE YEAR IS 1991.
34-YEAR-OLD CINDY SARROW
HAS LIVED IN THE SMALL TOWN
FOR THE PAST TWO YEARS.
TONIGHT. CINDY CAN'T SHAKE THE
FEELING THAT SOMETHING IS WRONG.
[ GROWL ]
[ GROWLING ]
[ DOG BARKING ]
[ STAIRS CREAK ]
[ SCREAMS ]
Cindy: I JUST THOUGHT
IT WAS A NIGHTMARE.
BUT THEN I KEPT HAVING IT OVER
AND OVER -- THE SAME DREAM.
IN MY DREAMS.
I WAS FEARING FOR MY LIFE.
AND I KNEW THAT WHATEVER THIS
WAS WAS TRYING TO KILL ME.
I JUST FELT IT.
HERE YOU GO. HONEY.
WHAT DO YOU THINK THE SURPRISE
WILL BE?
Narrator:
CINDY IS AT STAY-AT-HOME MOM.
SHE HAS TWO CHILDREN --
7-YEAR-OLD CHRISTIE
AND 9-YEAR-OLD BROOKE.
Brooke: ME AND MY FAMILY
ARE REALLY CLOSE.
AND IT SEEMED THAT NOTHING
COULD TEAR US APART.
WHEN'S DADDY GONNA GET HERE?
HE'S TAKING FOREVER.
HE'LL BE HERE
IN JUST A FEW MINUTES.
HONEY. RELAX
AND EAT YOUR BREAKFAST.
I CAN'T.
I'M TOO EXCITED
ABOUT THE SURPRISE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK IT IS?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
BUT I BET WHATEVER IT IS.
IT'S WONDERFUL.
DAD'S HOME.
Narrator: CINDY'S
LONGTIME BOYFRIEND. JAKE.
WORKS THE GRAVEYARD SHIFT AT
A CHEMICAL PLANT IN ST. LOUIS.
HOW ARE MY LITTLE LADIES
TODAY. HMM?
[ SMOOCHES ]
HEY.
HI. HONEY.
EVERYONE READY
FOR MY BIG SURPRISE?
WHAT IS IT?
WELL. YOU KNOW
HOW WE'VE BEEN WANTING
TO MOVE BACK TO CASEYVILLE.
CLOSER TO YOUR MOTHER.
CLOSER TO WORK FOR ME?
WHAT IS IT?
TELL US. DADDY!
WHAT'S THE BIG SURPRISE?
GIRLS...
GO GET DRESSED
AND I'LL SHOW YOU.
I THINK...
I THINK I FOUND
THAT DREAM HOME.
Narrator: BOTH CINDY AND JAKE
GREW UP IN CASEYVILLE.
A RURAL TOWN AT THE BASE
OF THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER BLUFFS.
FOR MONTHS. THEY'VE TALKED ABOUT
MOVING BACK TO THEIR HOMETOWN
AND RAISING THEIR FAMILY THERE.
UH-HUH.
COME ON!
HOP TO!
BE CAREFUL. YOU TWO!
SO.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
IT'S NICE.
I REALLY LIKE IT.
BUT DO WE HAVE THE MONEY
FOR A PLACE LIKE THIS?
BARELY. BUT. YES.
IT WAS A HOUSE
THAT WE COULD AFFORD.
BUT WE WERE REALLY
FINANCIALLY STRAPPED.
THERE WAS THINGS THAT NEEDED
TO BE DONE TO THE HOUSE.
WE WOULD HAVE TO COME UP WITH
THE MONEY FOR THAT.
SOUNDS LIKE IT'S GONNA TAKE A
LOT OF MONEY AND A LOT OF WORK.
I KNOW. HONEY. I KNOW.
BUT THERE AREN'T A LOT OF HOUSES
UP FOR SALE RIGHT NOW.
AND IT MIGHT BE YEARS BEFORE
WE GET ANOTHER CHANCE LIKE THIS.
NOW. YOU'VE ALWAYS
TALKED ABOUT
HOW MUCH YOU'VE WANTED
TO RAISE OUR FAMILY HERE.
IT REALLY IS
A GREAT HOUSE.
IT IS A GREAT HOUSE.
YEAH?
ALL RIGHT!
[ LAUGHS ]
WE WERE REAL EXCITED.
WE WEREN'T RENTING.
WE'D HAVE OUR OWN HOME
AND JUST BE HAPPY.
ISN'T THAT GREAT?
ALL RIGHT?
WE CAN FIT OUR TV
RIGHT THROUGH THERE.
MOM!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
Narrator: CINDY IS GRATEFUL
TO BE NEAR
HER AILING MOTHER. ANITA.
WHO SUFFERS
FROM A DEGENERATIVE DISEASE.
Cindy: SHE WAS SICK.
AND SHE WAS GETTING SICKER.
AND I JUST WANTED
TO BE CLOSE TO HER
TO BE ABLE TO HELP HER
AND BE WITH HER.
GRANDMA'S HERE!
GRANDMA!
OH. SO GOOD TO SEE YOU!
WANT TO SEE MY NEW ROOM?
OUR NEW ROOM.
SURE.
GIRLS. TAKE GRANDMA INSIDE.
OKAY.
I'LL GET THE REST
OF THE BOXES.
YOU SHOULD START UNPACKING.
THAT'S A GREAT IDEA.
THANKS. HONEY.
[ CABINET DOOR SQUEAKS ]
JAKE!
THE CABINET DOORS
ARE FALLING OFF!
I THINK IT'S JUST THE HINGES
ON THESE DOORS
ARE JUST A LITTLE TOO OLD.
Cindy:
I HAD DOUBTS ABOUT THE HOUSE.
I THOUGHT.
"WHAT DID I BUY HERE?"
I GUESS YOU'RE RIGHT.
I SHOULD EXPECT THINGS LIKE THIS
TO HAPPEN.
IT IS
A PRETTY OLD HOUSE.
EXACTLY.
NOW. WHERE DID I PUT
MY TOOLS?
Narrator: THAT NIGHT.
CINDY HELPS HER DAUGHTERS
SET UP THEIR NEW ROOM.
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ]
OH. LOOKS LIKE THAT BULB'S
ABOUT TO GO.
HOLD ON. GIRLS. WHILE I GO
LOOK FOR ANOTHER LIGHT BULB.
THE BEDROOM HAD
A VERY EERIE FEELING TO IT.
I JUST HAD A HORRIBLE FEELING
THAT SOMETHING WAS WRONG
WITH THE HOUSE.
[ CRACKLING CONTINUES ]
WHOA. WHERE ARE YOU
RUNNING OFF TO?
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
'CAUSE I WASN'T SURE MYSELF
ABOUT WHAT WAS GOING ON --
WE HAD JUST MOVED THERE --
THAT I DIDN'T WANT TO WORRY HER.
IT'S OKAY. HONEY.
YOU CAN TELL ME.
I DON'T LIKE MY ROOM. MOM.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
IT'S A GREAT ROOM.
IT'S PERFECT FOR YOU GUYS.
I DON'T KNOW.
THERE'S SOMETHING CREEPY
ABOUT IT.
I CAN'T SLEEP IN THERE.
I DON'T WANT TO SLEEP IN THERE.
EITHER.
OH. YOU GUYS
DON'T HAVE TO BE SCARED.
YOUR FATHER AND I WILL BE
RIGHT HERE WITH YOU.
MOM. NO!
BROOKE!
YOU ARE TOO OLD
TO BE ACTING LIKE THIS.
I EXPECT MORE FROM YOU.
BUT. DADDY --
NO "BUTS." OKAY?
NOW. THAT'S WHERE YOU GIRLS
ARE SLEEPING. AND THAT'S FINAL.
CAN YOU DO IT FOR ME?
[ SIGHS ]
OKAY. I'LL DO IT.
Jake: THAT'S MY GIRL.
THANK YOU. HONEY.
Narrator:
LATER THAT NIGHT...
...AS IF SEEING HER HOUSE
FOR THE FIRST TIME.
CINDY HAS A SUDDEN REVELATION.
Cindy;
I COULDN'T BELIEVE IT.
IT WAS THE SAME STAIRS
THAT ARE IN MY NIGHTMARES.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
I WAS REALLY AFRAID.
BUT WHAT COULD I DO?
Narrator: CINDY KNOWS THAT JAKE
WOULD NEVER CONSIDER MOVING
BECAUSE OF AN EERIE FEELING.
[ GASPS ]
YOU OKAY?
LOOK LIKE
YOU'VE SEEN A GHOST.
YEAH. I'M OKAY.
JUST A LITTLE TIRED.
THAT'S ALL.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU READY FOR WORK?
YEAH.
IN FACT.
I'M A LITTLE LATE.
DO YOU THINK MAYBE
YOU COULD PLAY HOOKY?
YOU KNOW. MAYBE CALL IN SICK
OR SOMETHING?
WHAT. YOU GETTING
FREAKED OUT. TOO?
IT'S NO WONDER
BROOKE AND CHRISTIE
DON'T WANT TO SLEEP
IN THEIR ROOM.
LIKE MOTHER.
LIKE DAUGHTERS.
YOU'LL BE OKAY.
ALL RIGHT?
[ SMOOCHES ]
IF YOU NEED ME.
GIVE ME A CALL AT WORK.
IF YOU DON'T.
I'LL SEE YOU IN THE MORNING.
OKAY.
Brooke: IT SEEMED LIKE
EVERY HOUR. I WAS WAKING UP.
I HAD THIS FEELING
THAT SOMEONE WAS THERE.
WATCHING ME.
BUT I COULDN'T SEE ANYONE.
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
Narrator:
A FEW WEEKS LATER.
CINDY FINALLY BEGINS TO FEEL
SETTLED IN HER NEW HOME.
COME ON. GIRLS.
YOU HAVE YOUR OWN BEDS.
WHY DON'T YOU
SLEEP IN OUR ROOM?
BECAUSE YOUR BED'S
TOO SMALL.
NOW. COME ON. LET'S GO.
BUT. MOM. I CAN'T.
PLEASE.
I COULDN'T GO BACK IN THERE.
I COULDN'T SLEEP IN THERE.
I WAS AFRAID. REALLY.
I THINK THAT'S WHAT IT
COMES DOWN TO --
I WAS JUST REALLY AFRAID.
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL SLEEP ON THE SOFA.
BUT SOONER OR LATER.
THIS HAS GOT TO END.
GOOD NIGHT.
GOOD NIGHT. MOM.
GOOD NIGHT. BABY.
SLEEP TIGHT.
[ CREAKING ]
Narrator:
CINDY FEARS THAT SOMEONE
MAY HAVE BROKEN INTO THE HOUSE.
Cindy: I WAS AFRAID
FOR MY CHILDREN AND MYSELF
BECAUSE WE WERE HOME
BY OURSELVES.
MOM?
[ GASPS ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
HONEY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING UP?
I WAS THIRSTY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I THOUGHT I HEARD
A NOISE.
YOU REALLY SCARED ME.
I KNOW. YOU JUMPED
LIKE 10 FEET IN THE AIR.
ALL RIGHT.
NOW YOU NEED TO GET TO BED.
NIGHT. MOM.
Narrator:
THE FOLLOWING NIGHT.
CINDY CALLS HER MOTHER. ANITA.
TO SEE HOW SHE'S FEELING.
SHE LIVES IN A ONE-BEDROOM
APARTMENT ACROSS TOWN.
Anita:
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN.
MY HEAD STARTED TO SPIN.
SHOULD I STOP BY
YOUR PLACE?
I appreciate the offer.
but don't bother. honey.
I THINK WHAT I NEED
IS JUST TO REST FOR A WHILE.
OKAY. SOUNDS GOOD.
WELL. I GUESS
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
OKAY. SURE.
IS EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
MOM. I THINK
THAT THE HOUSE IS...
[ STATIC HISSES ]
CINDY?
LOOK. MOM. EVERYTHING'S FINE.
I GOT TO GO.
Narrator: WITH ALL THE STRANGE
THINGS OCCURRING IN THE HOUSE...
...CINDY BEGINS
TO HAVE TROUBLE SLEEPING.
[ SCREAMS ]
[ GASPS ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
I COULDN'T GO BLACK TO SLEEP
BECAUSE I JUST FELT THERE WAS
SOMEBODY STARING AT ME.
I KNEW SOMEBODY WAS THERE.
BUT I COULDN'T SEE THEM.
I COULD JUST FEEL
THEIR PRESENCE.
Narrator:
THE NEXT MORNING.
Cindy: I WAS PUSHED SO HARD
THAT I WENT DOWN.
Narrator: CINDY IS HESITANT
TO TELL JAKE WHAT JUST HAPPENED.
SHE CAN BARELY BELIEVE IT
HERSELF.
JAKE?
WAKE UP.
JAKE.
THERE'S SOMETHING WRONG
WITH THIS PLACE.
NOT THE ELECTRICITY
AGAIN?
NO. IT'S NOT THAT.
JAKE. I DON'T THINK
I CAN LIVE HERE.
OH. NO.
LOOK. HONEY. I KNOW THERE'S BEEN
A LOT OF REPAIRS LATELY.
BUT THAT'LL END.
I JUST DON'T FEEL SAFE.
AND I DON'T THINK THE GIRLS
FEEL SAFE. EITHER.
WELL...I CAN GET
AN ALARM SYSTEM. IF YOU WANT.
I DON'T WANT AN ALARM SYSTEM.
I WANT A DIFFERENT HOUSE.
OH. CINDY. CINDY. COME ON.
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS.
WE JUST MOVED IN.
Cindy: HOW CAN I TELL SOMEBODY
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE
WHEN IT'S SO BIZARRE. EVERYTHING
THAT WAS HAPPENING. YOU KNOW?
WHO'S GONNA BELIEVE IT?
YOU KNOW
WE CAN'T AFFORD IT.
I KNOW YOU'RE NOT TOO THRILLED
WITH THE HOUSE.
BUT JUST GIVE IT SOME TIME.
PLEASE?
I DON'T THINK I CAN.
FINE.
PLEASE FILL ME IN
ON HOW YOU PLAN
TO COME UP WITH
ALL THIS MONEY!
I DON'T KNOW!
BUT I'LL FIGURE IT OUT!
Brooke: THAT UPSET ME. BECAUSE
WHEN WE LIVED IN BELLEVILLE.
THEY ALWAYS GOT ALONG.
AND NOW IT SEEMED THAT MY MOTHER
AND FATHER WERE FIGHTING A LOT.
COME ON. GIRLS.
Narrator: WEEKS PASS.
AND THE STRANGE ACTIVITY
CONTINUES.
ALTHOUGH CINDY IS NOT
A RELIGIOUS PERSON.
SHE BEGINS TO PRAY
ON A REGULAR BASIS.
SHE WONDERS IF SHE CAN
FIND COMFORT IN HER FAITH.
Cindy:
I PUT UP A PICTURE OF JESUS.
I FELT LIKE THAT WAS PROTECTION
FOR US.
CINDY?
CINDY. COME HERE.
WHAT IS IT. JAKE?
JAKE?
[ GASPING ]
[ CRYING ]
I WAS SCARED HALF TO DEATH.
CINDY. ARE YOU OKAY?
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
DID YOU HURT YOURSELF?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
SOMETHING ATTACKED ME.
AND THEN I COULDN'T BREATHE!
OKAY. SLOW DOWN. SLOW DOWN.
TAKE A DEEP BREATH.
TELL ME.
THERE'S A GHOST
IN THIS HOUSE.
COME ON. HONEY.
TELL ME THE TRUTH.
TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED.
NO. I'M BEING SERIOUS. JAKE.
THERE'S SOMETHING HERE.
AND IT'S TRYING TO HURT ME.
SWEETIE. IT'S JUST US.
IT'S JUST
IN YOUR IMAGINATION.
NO. YOU'RE NOT LISTENING
TO ME!
THERE'S SOMETHING IN THIS HOUSE.
AND IT'S TRYING TO KILL ME.
AND YOU DON'T EVEN CARE!
OF COURSE I CARE. BUT TRY
TO BE REASONABLE HERE. CINDY.
THERE'S NOTHING
IN THIS HOUSE.
I CAN'T LIVE HERE.
JAKE. IT TRIED
TO SUFFOCATE ME!
CINDY...
[ SIGHS ]
THIS HOUSE
IS NOT HAUNTED. OKAY?
GHOSTS DO NOT EXIST.
[ Crying ] I WISH I NEVER
LET YOU CONVINCE ME
TO BUY THIS HOUSE.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
YOU WANTED THIS HOUSE
AS MUCH AS I DID!
WHAT'S GOTTEN
INTO YOU LATELY?
JAKE. I'M SCARED!
WE SUNK OUR LIFE SAVINGS
INTO THIS HOUSE!
WE ARE NOT MOVING.
AND THAT'S FINAL.
Cindy:
I COULDN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE.
I NEEDED HELP.
I STARTED CALLING
DIFFERENT CHURCHES.
AND NOBODY WANTED TO HELP ME.
FINALLY. I SPOKE WITH A PRIEST.
AND HE WAS GOING TO HELP ME.
Narrator: IN THE NEARBY TOWN
OF BELLEVILLE...
MY LIFE'S FALLING APART.
FATHER.
I JUST DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO.
...CINDY MEETS
WITH FATHER THOMAS.
FROM WHAT YOU'VE TOLD ME.
IT APPEARS AS THOUGH
IT MAY BE DEMONIC.
THE FIRST STEP
IS TO BLESS THE HOUSE.
THAT MAY DRIVE THE DEMON OUT.
BUT I'LL NEED SOME TIME
TO PREPARE.
I'LL HAVE TO FAST AND PRAY
BEFORE I CAN ACTUALLY
CONDUCT THE BLESSING.
I UNDERSTAND. FATHER.
I'M SO GRATEFUL
FOR YOUR HELP.
HERE.
WHEN YOU'RE AFRAID.
READ PSALM 91.
IT WILL PROTECT YOU
FROM EVIL.
THANK YOU AGAIN. FATHER.
THAT NIGHT. CINDY ANXIOUSLY
WAITS FOR JAKE TO COME HOME.
SHE KEEPS HERSELF CALM
BY READING THE BIBLE.
[ GRAVEL CRUNCHES ]
JAKE?
[ SCREAMS ]
PLEASE HURRY!
[ SCREAMING ]
[ SCREAMS ]
[ SIREN WAILS ]
POLICE DEPARTMENT!
PUT THE AX DOWN!
Cindy: I WAS RELIEVED TO SEE
THE POLICE WHEN THEY CAME.
IT WAS LIKE. "THANK GOD."
PUT YOUR HANDS
BEHIND YOUR HEAD.
HE HAD CHOPPED THE DOOR DOWN
WITH THE AX.
THANK GOD THEY MADE IT IN TIME
BEFORE HE DID
WHATEVER HE WAS OUT TO DO.
[ INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER ]
ARE YOU OKAY?
CAN YOU TELL ME
WHAT HAPPENED HERE?
JAKE...
I DON'T KNOW. HE JUST --
HE DIDN'T LOOK RIGHT.
Narrator: CINDY BELIEVES
THAT JAKE WAS POSSESSED.
DO YOU WANT TO
TAKE CHARGES OUT ON HIM?
SHE NOW KNOWS IT WAS JAKE
WHO TRIED TO SUFFOCATE HER.
MA'AM?
I'LL THINK ABOUT IT.
CINDY DOES NOT PRESS CHARGES.
BELIEVING THAT JAKE'S WILL
WAS NOT HIS OWN.
BUT SHE DOES NOT ALLOW HIM
BACK INTO THE HOUSE.
HE MOVES IN WITH HIS MOTHER.
AN HOUR LATER. THE GIRLS RETURN
FROM THEIR MOVIE.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE DOOR. MOM?
WHAT'S WRONG. MOM?
DADDY'S GONNA HAVE TO GO AWAY
FOR A WHILE.
WHY?
IT'S REALLY COMPLICATED.
BUT I'M TRYING TO FIX THINGS.
AND MAYBE IN A FEW WEEKS.
THINGS WILL BE NORMAL AGAIN.
DAD'S NOT GONNA BE HERE
AT ALL?
Brooke: WHEN I FOUND OUT THAT
MY DAD WASN'T GONNA BE AROUND.
I WAS REALLY UPSET
BECAUSE WE WERE REALLY CLOSE.
AND IT JUST SEEMED LIKE
SINCE WE MOVED INTO THE HOUSE.
OUR WHOLE FAMILY
WAS FALLING APART.
DON'T YOU WORRY.
EVERYTHING IS GONNA BE FINE.
I PROMISE.
NOW GO WASH UP.
I'LL BE UP IN A FEW MINUTES
TO TUCK YOU IN.
OKAY.
[ SOBBING ]
[ SCREAMS ]
Narrator:
CINDY AND THE GIRLS FLEE TO
ANITA'S ONE-BEDROOM APARTMENT.
[ Crying ] IT POSSESSED JAKE.
AND HE TRIED TO ATTACK ME.
I CAN'T GO BACK THERE!
WHAT IF IT TRIES
TO HURT THE GIRLS?
I WAS SO RELIEVED
THAT THEY WERE SAFE...
...AND THAT WE WEREN'T
GOING BACK TO THE HOUSE.
"THE LORD IS MY REFUGE
AND MY FORTRESS.
"MY GOD. IN WHOM I TRUST.
"I WILL NOT FEAR THE TERROR
THAT ATTACKS BY NIGHT.
"OR THE ARROW THAT FLIES BY DAY.
"NO AFFLICTION
WILL ENTER MY HOUSE.
HE WILL GIVE HIS ANGELS REIGN
OVER ME TO KEEP ME SAFE."
WHEN I STARTED RECITING
PSALMS 91.
I FELT LIKE I WAS
BEING PROTECTED.
LIKE GOD WAS WITH ME
AND HE WAS GONNA HELP ME.
THE NEXT THING I KNOW.
THERE'S NO HOUSE THERE
WHERE MY HOUSE SHOULD'VE BEEN.
I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND IT.
I JUST THINK I WAS
IN A DIFFERENT TIME.
[ MAN CHANTING ]
IT WAS AN ANSWER TO MY PRAYER.
TELLING ME THAT SOMETHING HAD
WENT ON YEARS AND YEARS AGO.
Narrator: THE NEXT DAY.
CINDY GOES TO FATHER THOMAS
TO TELL HIM ABOUT HER DREAM.
THESE MEN
WERE PERFORMING A CEREMONY
THAT HAD SOMETHING
TO DO WITH THE DEAD.
THEY WERE DIGGING UP A BODY
WHERE MY HOUSE NOW STANDS.
IT SOUNDS AS THOUGH
YOU WITNESSED
A RITUAL OF NECROMANCY.
THAT'S A FORM OF SUMMONING
A SPIRIT. A DEMON.
OR A HUMAN SOUL
TO ENTER A CORPSE.
BUT WHY?
WELL.
THERE'S SEVERAL REASONS.
BUT MAINLY. THE GOAL
IS TO CONJURE UP A DEMON.
WHICH EXPLAINS THE DEMONIC
PRESENCE IN YOUR HOME.
I'LL BE ABLE TO PERFORM
THE HOUSE BLESSING TOMORROW.
THANK YOU.
BUT...
I'M GOING TO ASK YOU TO DO
SOMETHING YOU MAY NOT LIKE.
ANYTHING. FATHER.
I JUST WANT THIS TO END.
I NEED YOU AND THE GIRLS
TO BE PRESENT
WHILE I PERFORM THE BLESSING.
YOU MUST CONFRONT THE DEMON
IN ORDER TO SEND HIM
TO THE OTHER SIDE.
WELL...I GUESS I HAVE
NO OTHER CHOICE.
I REALLY DIDN'T WANT ANY OF US
IN THE HOUSE.
I WOULD'VE MUCH RATHER HANDED
HIM THE KEY AND LET HIM DO IT.
BUT IT COULDN'T BE DONE
THAT WAY.
Narrator:
FATHER THOMAS KNOWS
THAT A DEMON
IS HIGHLY UNPREDICTABLE.
IT HAS ALREADY MANIFESTED ITSELF
IN DIFFERENT WAYS.
HI. FATHER THOMAS.
HELLO.
PEACE BE IN THIS HOUSE
AND WITH ALL WHO LIVE HERE.
LORD GOD OF HEAVEN AND EARTH.
BLESS THIS HOUSE
AND ALL WHO INHABIT IT.
Cindy: I WAS STILL SCARED.
BUT I KEPT PRAYING.
I DIDN'T WANT ANYBODY HURT.
AND I JUST WANTED THIS
TO BE OVER WITH.
IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER
AND THE SON AND THE HOLY SPIRIT.
LORD GOD OF HEAVEN AND EARTH.
BLESS THIS HOUSE
AND ALL WHO INHABIT IT.
FILL THEM
WITH THE LIGHT OF CHRIST
THAT THEIR CONCERNS FOR OTHERS
MAY REFLECT YOUR LOVE.
WE ASK THROUGH CHRIST OUR LORD
IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER
AND THE SON AND THE HOLY SPIRIT.
FILL THEM
WITH THE LIGHT OF CHRIST
THAT THEIR CONCERNS FOR OTHERS
MAY REFLECT YOUR LOVE.
WE ASK THROUGH CHRIST OUR LORD
IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER
AND THE SON AND THE HOLY SPIRIT.
I CAN'T THANK YOU ENOUGH.
FATHER.
OF COURSE. MY DEAR.
I'LL ALWAYS BE HERE FOR YOU
IN YOUR TIME OF NEED.
THANK YOU.
GOODBYE.
I FELT RELIEVED
THAT WE FINALLY HAD OUR HOUSE
AND THERE WAS NO EVIL.
Narrator: THAT NIGHT.
CINDY AND THE GIRLS
MOVE BACK INTO THE HOUSE.
I FELT MY HAIR RISE ON MY NECK.
SOMETHING GRABBED ME.
MOM!
[ SCREAMS ]
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
WHAT?!
MOM -- BROOKE!
[ GASPS ]
NO!
YOU CAN'T HAVE MY DAUGHTER!
IN THE NAME OF THE LORD.
LET MY DAUGHTER GO!
[ SCREAMS ]
[ Crying ] OH. MY GOD!
OH. MY GOD!
OH. MY GOD. MY BABY!
OH. THANK YOU. GOD.
I WAS TERRIFIED.
I'VE NEVER. EVER SEEN ANYTHING
SO POWERFUL IN MY LIFE.
GIRLS. COME ON. COME ON!
COME ON. HONEY. COME ON!
COME ON. RUN! HURRY!
HURRY. HONEY! GO!
RUN. HONEY!
COME ON. COME ON!
COME ON. GIRLS.
LET'S JUST GO. GO. GO. GO. GO!
JUST GO. GIRLS!
[ CRYING ]
I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T KNOW!
I DON'T KNOW!
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
Narrator: CINDY AND THE GIRLS
STAY WITH HER MOTHER
WHILE SHE TRIES
TO SELL THE HOUSE.
CINDY AND JAKE ARE UNABLE
TO BRIDGE THE RIFT BETWEEN THEM
AND DECIDE TO GO
THEIR SEPARATE WAYS.
CINDY BEGINS WORKING
AT A LOCAL HOTEL
AND EVENTUALLY SAVES ENOUGH
MONEY TO PURCHASE A NEW HOME.
JAKE MAINTAINS A RELATIONSHIP
WITH BROOKE AND CHRISTIE.
SEEING THEM ON WEEKENDS.
OVER TIME.
CINDY AND HER DAUGHTERS' LIVES
BECOME PEACEFUL ONCE MORE.
BUT MEMORIES OF THEIR HORRIFYING
ORDEAL CONTINUE TO HAUNT THEM.
Cindy:
GOING THROUGH THIS EXPERIENCE
MADE ME BELIEVE
THAT THERE IS EVIL OUT HERE.
WE HAVE NIGHTMARES STILL.
15 YEARS LATER.
IT'LL ALWAYS BE WITH US.
BUT WE'RE GETTING STRONGER
ABOUT THINGS.
Narrator: THE HOUSE REMAINS
EMPTY FOR QUITE SOME TIME
UNTIL A COUPLE FROM OUT OF TOWN
BUYS THE PLACE.
WITHIN A FEW MONTHS.
THEIR DAUGHTER ENCOUNTERS
AN EVIL PRESENCE
AND THE FAMILY
QUICKLY MOVES OUT.
-- Captions by VITAC --
www.vitac.com
CAPTIONS PAID FOR BY
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS. LLC